removed trailing slash from trial URI path (#27)
electrumpayments/prepaidutility-service-interface: src/docs/devguide/hugo/site/content/release-notes.md

This page describes changes to the Prepaid Utility Service Interface implemented across different releases of the interface.

## v3.12.2

> Released 20 November 2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Released 20 November 2020

- Note that this is technically a breaking change, however there are no known implementations of v3.12.1 hence the major version will not be changed.
```

> - Note that this is technically a breaking change, however there are no known implementations of v3.12.1 hence the major version will not be changed.

Reviewer: It's a subtle point but the reason we're _not_ changing major version isn't just because "we aren't aware of your implementations so we don't think this change will break anything". That's a fairly dismissive statement without much justification.

The reason we're not changing the major version is a little more involved. We've made a considered decision to keep it the same because changing the version number will definitely break existing implementations whereas making this changing won't break any known implementations. So we've balanced both sides of the argument and reached the decision to not change the major version.

I think it's important to explain our reasoning a little bit more than it's currently done

### Breaking changes
- Removed trailing slash from the `RELATIVE_PATH` of the `trialTokenPurchaseRequest` operation.

## v3.12.1 - Deprecated
Released 03 November 2020
This version of the Prepaid Utility Service Interface has been deprecated and should not be used. Version 3.11.0 should be used currently until v3.12.2 is released in the future.

This version of the Prepaid Utility Service Interface was deprecated because the path of the new `trialTokenPurchaseRequest` operation introduced in v3.12.1 was incorrect.

- Corrected the `RELATIVE_PATH` of the `trialTokenPurchaseRequest` operation.

## v3.12.0 - Deprecated
Released 30 October 2020

> This version of the Prepaid Utility Service Interface has been deprecated and should not be used. Version 3.11.0 should be used currently until v3.12.2 is released in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of the Prepaid Utility Service Interface has been deprecated and should not be used. Version 3.12.2 should be used instead.
```

This page describes changes to the Prepaid Utility Service Interface implemented across different releases of the interface.

## v3.12.2
Released 20 November 2020

- Note that this is technically a breaking change, however v3.12.1 was never implemented before it was deprecated hence the major version will not be changed. 

> - As result this will not break any existing implementations of the API.

Reviewer: this is all about the breaking change, you can move it to that section

> - Note that this is technically a breaking change, however v3.12.1 was never implemented before it was deprecated hence the major version will not be changed. 
> - As result this will not break any existing implementations of the API.
> 
> - Removed trailing slash from the `RELATIVE_PATH` of the `trialTokenPurchaseRequest` operation.

Reviewer: Now that these three points are together, I think we can rearrange and reword them to be more cohesive:
```suggestion
- Removed trailing slash from the `RELATIVE_PATH` of the `trialTokenPurchaseRequest` operation.
- Note that this is technically a breaking change. However, v3.12.1 has no known implementations while a change to the major version number would necessitate a change to API URLs in known implementations. Therefore the major version number has not been updated.
```

This page describes changes to the Prepaid Utility Service Interface implemented across different releases of the interface.

## v3.12.2
Released 20 November 2020

> - removed trailing slash from the `RELATIVE_PATH` of the `trialTokenPurchaseRequest` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed trailing slash from the `RELATIVE_PATH` of the `trialTokenPurchaseRequest` operation.
```

> - removed trailing slash from the `RELATIVE_PATH` of the `trialTokenPurchaseRequest` operation.

Reviewer: Also, this is technically a breaking change. Please highlight that but explain that no known implementations of v3.12.1 exist so the major version will not be changed. This is to avoid the significant impact there would be to existing implementations if the major version was changed in the API paths.

   

## v3.12.1

> Released 03 November 2020

Reviewer: Please fix up some of the older release note comments:

- v3.12.1
  - Please mark this as deprecated because of the incorrect path.
  - Please start the description with a capital letter.
- v3.12.0
  - Please move the release date to under the version.
  - Please replace the "use v3.11.0 until v3.12.1" statement with a simpler instruction to just use v3.12.2
